Welcome to this evening edition of the
Ocean Studio here as part of the Yahowah
blog.
I'm here with Wookie.
We'll see how long he wants to participate
in this program.
I wanted to begin by just having an
interesting chat.
I finished a phone call with one of
my dearest and longest term friends.
His name is Joe.
He was the
man who wrote the original code for a
company that we took public many years
ago.
He actually wrote far more sophisticated
code than currently runs Amazon for our
our online.com retail operation,
really genius work that he was able to
do for us.
And now we're working on things like
presenting all of my translations on the
YadaYah website,
but doing so so that you can see
every verse of, say,
Bare'syth Genesis that I have translated,
one after the other,
and every time that I've translated them,
how in a different context and different
time I may have rendered them.
In fact, I would not may,
I would have rendered them differently,
because each time you go through,
you're looking at the words and all of
the conjugations and the stems and the
pronouns and the like.
It's an art form as you're trying to
render it.
And the more you learn,
the more you recognize patterns in God's
testimony and can convey his intended
meaning more accurately.
And they're always amplified translations.
And so we were having a conversation about
this.
And for those who may not know,
who have not been to YadaYah.com,
where all of these books that I have
written are presented free,
is that twenty five years ago,
I invented an entirely new way of
translating.
Prior to this time,
no one had done anything anywhere close to
this,
which is it's not only an Amplified
translation.
And I realize there's one publication of a
Bible that calls itself an Amplified
version, but it's not.
It's just like every other version.
The first ever Amplified translation where
if there were twenty words that would
properly render a single Hebrew word,
I would...
present all twenty of them that made sense
within that context,
not overwhelming the reader by putting
maybe the three or four most important of
them in a bold font.
And then within the parenthetical in a
standard font,
I would present many of the other
possibilities so that you are not
shortchanged,
recognizing that God may have intended and
probably did all of these things for us
to know.
So it's the first real amplified
translation where the full meaning of
every word is presented,
not just the translator's decision as to
what they think was the only word being
conveyed.
And I think that short changes you,
and I think it's a terrible way to
go about.
I'm not here to presume that if God
used a word that can have ten definitions
that are all pertinent in that context,
that we should shortchange anybody,
including God,
to only representing one of them.
So it was the first ever genuine,
amplified translation.
It was also the first where the generic
form of the Hebrew word being translated
was actually print,
put right inside of the translation
itself.
So that after the bold copy,
which is the amplified translation itself,
Inside of a parenthetical,
the first word written in italics would be
the most genitive form of the Hebrew word.
And I'd write it, you know,
let's say that it was a Hebrew word
that was a verb,
and it had a prefix of a pronoun
like he or she or, you know, I.
Or it had a suffix of a pronoun
like me or your.
And then it perhaps had a stem that
gave it additional meaning,
like the Hiphil or one of the seven
stems in Hebrew.
that convey meanings, like the qal,
which would be considered a literal
interpretation of those words, the Piel,
the Nifal, or other examples.
And then there's moods,
also in the Hebrew,
that convey volition in first, second,
and third person.
The cohortative, for example,
is first person expression of volition.
And then there are four conjunctions
that...
that convey time relative to the verb,
whether it's ongoing or completed
conjugation, I should say.
And these are the four ways of conveying
whether the...
Action of the verb is taking place over
a prolonged period or is for a finite
period,
and time can be expressed relative to the
verb in four different conjugations.
The most common are the perfect and
imperfect,
with the perfect being constrained in
time, either in the past, present,
or future,
and the imperfect being unrestrained in
time.
recognizing that no verb is stuck in time.
In Hebrew,
all verbs are true throughout time.
So if I were to use the verb
Hayah, meaning is, was, or will be,
all of those
are true unless the very context tells us
that this is something that has not taken
place where I can then render it as
will or this is something we know has
taken place in the past where I can
say was or so will be or was
and if it is something that is concurrent
with the discussion you can say is but
all from Hayah and every verb is
unconstrained in time it's kind of like
light on a photon of light all time
exists simultaneously. And so I'm the first
to consider every one of these uh factors
but then render the actual verb and its
most uh genitive form because that's the
only way you can look it up if
it's all loaded with the stems and the
conjugations and the pronouns and also
with uh
conjecture,
so it's got prepositions which are all
attached to the verb, conjugations,
then you'll never be able to look it
up.
So I presented the Hebrew term in the
most generic form that you can copy and
paste
and any search engine and it will verify
the meanings that I have chosen so you're
in a position to prove that my
translations are accurate no one else has
ever had the audacity to give you the
tools to actually verify their
translations but I did and it's a huge
tool to build confidence uh between you
and I um and so there's just nothing
like these translations that have ever
existed and if a uh
passage was included in the Dead Sea
Scrolls,
I looked up every single one of them
to see if there was a variance between
the Dead Sea Scrolls and the Masoretic
text.
And if there was,
I made my translation based upon the Dead
Sea Scrolls.
So you would have the oldest
extant version of the truth as it came
from God and in the Hebrew for example
there's about a fourteen percent
difference between the Masoretic text and
the Dead Sea Scrolls so by doing that
we we
uh afford you the opportunity to know what
the oldest witness says and you have that
correction then I did something no one
else has ever done before which I scrubbed
every word of the Masoretic diacritical
markings where I came to realize that the
Hebrew alphabet contains uh
five vowels and seventeen consonants
amongst the twenty-two letters so the
diacritical markings were really just a
means that the master reads created in the
eleventh uh and twelfth centuries CE uh
you know we're dealing with now uh twenty
five hundred years after the Towrah was
written uh to interpret it religiously the
way they wanted it interpreted and so they
made
different words mean different things
based on when they mark them.
And so I scrubbed at all of that
and I share with you every meaning that
is based upon the word as it appears
in the original text without all of those
markings.
So you're going back to divine writ as
it was inspired.
In this case now,
three thousand five hundred years ago with
the Towrah,
twenty five hundred years ago with the
last of the prophets, with Malachi.
Again, no one's ever done that with you.
So it became a very different way of
us being able to communicate and to reveal
information.
In doing that,
I realized that there are two letters that
can make very similar vowel sounds.
You can have the E sound or the
A sound, the I,
from the Aleph or the Ayin in Hebrew.
And the scholastic pedantic way to deal
with it was a closed or open quote
representing the Aleph to differentiate it
from the Ayin.
problem with that is that Word has a
field day with open and closed quotes,
single quotes, and we'll decide,
do you want it as, you know,
it's a smart quote or just a standard
or, and it will go vertical.
And in fact,
almost all computer presentations now just
show the open and quote,
quote as a vertical slash.
They don't make a differentiation between
the
the open quote or the close quote.
And so the old scholastic way of dealing
with this,
which very few people followed anyway,
is rendered moot because of the nature of
both the way word processes these quotes
and also because all
Modern online presentations default to the
strict,
a quote is a vertical line and it
does not differentiate between open quotes
and close quotes.
So we came up just two days ago
with our own superscript.
So that if it's an Ayin,
I have a superscript version of the little
eyeball that was the original letter for
the Ayin.
And a close quote,
if it was an Aleph, is the...
So the ram's head or bull's head that
is used for the Aleph,
we have a superscript of it.
So now you're reading a word in the
text and you're going to know, well,
does Yada end in an Aleph or an
Ayin?
And as it turns out,
Yada ends in an Ayin.
Ayin, which is the eyeball, as does Zarowa,
as does Shabuah and Taruwah.
They all follow that same pattern.
And so now you can actually see the
pattern in the text as we're going to
go back and redo all the books for
this new pattern.
And I'm writing the current book,
Coming Home Four
using it.
So it's just a really an interesting
process.
And so we're also trying to have an
interactive glossary with our translation
so that the words are underlined and you
can click on them.
But the challenge with that is there
really is on the transliteration no way to
differentiate currently between an aleph
and an Ayin.
And so you can get the wrong word.
You know,
eth is both time and the preposition with.
in Hebrew,
one is transliterated exactly the same
way, E-T-H, but one is with Aleph,
the other was with an Ayin,
the one for time is with the Ayin,
the preposition is with Aleph.
There are, for example, Ab,
which is father, the first word,
the Hebrew lexicon,
it's written obviously with Aleph,
first word,
the Hebrew lexicon alphabetically.
But there's also an ab that speaks of
darkness that is written with the Ayin.
And so when you try to do it
from the transliteration,
you're not going to be able to distinguish
between the two until we most recently
came up with this pattern.
And unfortunately for those trying to
validate the translations that I am
providing,
by far the best lexicon is the Dictionary
of Biblical Languages.
It is so far superior to the others.
But Strong's,
because the copyright ran out,
is available at every website.
But Strong's has its limitations.
It is keyed to the King James Version
and does its best to support King James
translations and forgets scholastic
integrity and will change the meaning of
the words to support King James.
The Dictionary of Biblical Languages is
not.
And so it's much better,
but it's still in copyright.
And so there is no access to it
publicly unless you buy one of the
scholastic tools,
the kind that I use to do these
translations and verify them.
And so...
So we're trying to find a way now
to be able to convey that to our
readers that go to the YadaYah.com site.
In fact,
the YadaYah.com site is really a
clearinghouse for all things Yahowah.
Nobody has ever come up with anything
close to this at all.
It has all thirty five books that we
have written.
They're all available free.
They come in three different versions.
There's the PDF version for those that
want to download it and transfer the whole
thing to a phone or a tablet and
be able to read it as a PDF.
There's also a page turner version,
which is really very clever and far more
interesting.
It's like you're actually holding the book
on your phone or a tablet or the
computer and you you can turn pages and
you can search within the book it gives
you tremendous amounts of features that
you can use when you're reading a book
we make all the books available in the
page turner format and then all the books
are available also at amazon.com and you
can buy them royalty free and you can
have the you can see some of them
behind me here the paperback uh versions
uh of it
And so there's lots of ways to get
to all of the books.
They're presented by series on the site.
And then there's a blog on the site
where there are blog entries,
which is the thing that we're doing now
where we produce five days a week,
two of these a day,
sometimes upwards in four and five hours
of blogging a day.
And all of them are updated and presented
on the yadayah.com site,
which is very difficult to do because the
way that X and Facebook and particularly
YouTube present these is they have huge
access to enormous data farms and to
conductivity so that they can not only
store the enormity of these blogs because
a video is enormous size,
but they can also stream it and stream
it to you.
They built their business on being able to
serve up many streams to many people
simultaneously and then house this virtual
unlimited library of video.
And you could not afford that as an
individual person,
but we have found a way to take
you so that you can click on one
of these vlogs at YadaYah.com.
You will stay on our website,
and yet the very vlog is plain from
YouTube.
but yet you're still on our website.
So you can go through any one that
you want to while staying on the website.
You don't have to go out into the
social media world, if you will,
which is a pretty rough and tumble place.
You can get all of your information
staying on the website,
staying where the books are presented,
but still be able to play these and
listen to them.
And then many of our shorts are
automatically updated,
and they're presented on the site.
We've written some marvelous songs.
and my wife in particular is the
songwriter and they're presented on the uh
the website soon some of the promotional
material which is just so beautiful and
the way that it it identifies with Yahowah
and with Dowd God's beloved son and
conveys this message and they're going to
be added to the uh the website
We have a blog because, well, you know,
if you look at X and at Facebook,
most people communicate not with long form
videos like you would see on YouTube,
but with a blog.
picture and comments,
a short narrative about that particular
picture.
That is a blog versus a vlog.
And so we actually have live updates to
the blog where it automatically picks up
the most frequent
posts that we have made and presents them
for your edification so that you know what
we're thinking and what we're sharing
about not only Yada Yahowah and getting to
know God,
but also in repudiating religion and
politics,
which is a huge part of our mission
because it's a huge part of what God
wants done.
And then recently,
We added all of the translations,
which now you can see this done in
the format that I'm sharing with you.
You can see exactly how the text reads.
And if you just wanna read the
translation,
it's all there and you can read all
the way through an entire book.
It's all available to you.
But also,
if you want to read the analysis of
that passage and what can be learned from
it,
the insights that can be deduced from it
and how it relates to other things,
or even an explanation of how we came
to render these words this way and
identify what they represent.
you click on the hyperlink above each
verse that is translated and it will take
you in the Page-Turner books right to that
spot.
And then you can read all of the
commentary,
the introduction of it and the conclusion
of it and the analysis of it right
at your fingertips.
And that glossary that is built in,
which now we're working with because for
the glossary to really work,
we have to be the first to solve
this
presentation on the transliterations,
is it an Aleph or an Ayin,
and then be able to link to the
proper word.
And no one has ever attempted to do
this this way, and it's a good challenge.
So we're trying to create that ability as
well with, I think,
a more reasonable and accurate definitions
than are just available in Strong.
That's part of the process too.
We just had a long conversation about that
and some of the challenges because
heretofore,
no one has done what I have done.
No one's ever created an amplified
translation.
No one's ever created a translation where
the Hebrew words being rendered
are actually put in the text so that
you can verify them and look them up
for yourself.
No one has ever done them based upon
correcting to the Dead Sea Scrolls.
And no one has ever written a commentary
on them while they're presenting the words
and analyzing why those choices were made
and what can be do from them.
This has never happened before.
And and the only existing translations of
any magnitude are written by large
institutions and publishing companies for
a profit,
as opposed to an individual who has
dedicated his last twenty five years of
his life to offering you this kind of
material.
And all of it's free.
I ask nothing from you.
And so it's a remarkable situation that
exists here.
And it's all for you to learn who
Yahowah is,
why we know that his name is pronounced
Yahowah,
and what he is offering through his Beryth
covenant and how that is facilitated
through the Mow'edym,
these restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony, who fulfilled them,
when they fulfilled them.
There is a timeline that goes through all
of the important events all the way
through this process from
Creation, fourteen billion years ago,
through the events at the Garden of Eden,
concluding six thousand years ago,
all the way up to what's going to
happen over the next seven years,
which is going to be extraordinarily
cathartic.
In fact,
the most recent book that's been
published, Time of Trouble,
is eight hundred and twenty five pages
detailing what's going to occur over the
next seven years so that you're prepared
for it.
um no secrets it's going to tell you
exactly who everyone is what they're going
to do when they're going to do it
what the consequence is going to be and
you'll particularly know what's in store
for israel so just enormous wealth of
information all at your fingertips all at
YadaYah.com we even have
a new and updated version of the ancient
Hebrew font that we looked at every old
from by old,
it would be at least the three thousand
year old documentation of the original
pictographic font.
And that font is shows up in places
and Egypt.
It shows up in places in what was
Phoenicia, now Lebanon.
It shows up in the area surrounding
Israel, like with the Moabites.
It shows up, of course,
in digs and findings in Israel.
The most recent that had some fifteen of
the twenty-two letters was the lead
tablet.
that was found on Mount Ebel.
And so we looked at how the letters
were originally drawn so that we could
update them and come up with a font
that was much easier to use,
that was much more graphically represented
of the thing being conveyed, you know,
the hand for the yod.
The fact that the Aleph is both a
bull and a ram,
and to show how both are represented in
it,
how the Beyth is the depiction of a
home, the Dalet is a doorway.
So each of these letters,
the Ayin happens to be an eye,
for example.
The Tsade is somebody in a reclined
position holding something to read.
So every one of the letters is
communicated that way.
And it really is a pretty tremendous tool.
So we have that new font also free.
We don't charge for anything.
We don't ask anybody's identity.
It's just all there for you to enjoy,
to read, to learn from.
And you don't have a whole lot of
time if you want to make this Shabuwah
harvest.
If you want to roll the dice and
think maybe you'll be one of the lucky
ones who survives onto the Taruwah
gleaning,
which will be seven years from now,
during a time that most people on this
planet are going to die.
Two out of three Jews,
and they're going to fare better, I think,
than the world at large.
Then there will be a Taruwah harvest.
You'll have seven years then to read up
to that point if you're among the
survivors.
But chaos is going to reign on this
planet.
And then, of course,
then there is the Taruwah mortal remnant
that benefits from the sacrifice of the
Adamah Parah.
And so you'll have another opportunity
there if you're not overtly religious or
political.
So...
Tremendous resource.
One of the things you'll find there is
there are over ten thousand unique
insights that were previously unheralded,
things that no one had ever thought of
before, recognized,
but yet was always in the text.
Insight like it's Yahowah who caused the
fall of man.
and explaining why he caused the fall of
man is riveting.
It's pertinent to your life today that
there was no Eve in the garden.
Her name was Chawah.
It means to speak one's mind.
It doesn't mean source of life.
And Yahowah caused the fall of man before
Chawah was even conceived.
And Yahowah is very explicit as to what
he expected from man.
Man did not perform to those expectations.
And so he booted us from the garden
for our benefit so that we would have
a chance of demonstrating that we could do
those things.
And that is what we're trying to convey.
So that's a profoundly important insight
shared no place else in the world.
The fact that there are three outcomes for
a human soul, not just two.
The religious would tell you that you're
either going to heaven or hell.
That is simply not true.
Very few people, in fact, it's about
one in a million,
maybe even less than that.
God's analysis says thousands and
thousands amongst billions would be one in
a million.
That's how few end up in Shamaym in
heaven.
So that's exceedingly rare.
And for that,
there are things that you need to know.
And for example,
there's five conditions of the covenant.
And the covenant is the only way
to enter Shamaym,
something that no one had previously been
able to deduce.
But I share with you those five conditions
of the covenant.
And then there are five benefits of the
covenant.
They're all delivered by the fulfillment
of the first three, Mow'ed Miqra'ey,
something as a word that may not mean
anything to you unless you have read these
books and know God's terminology.
But the Mow'ed are restoring witnesses to
the eternal testimony.
a Miqra in the plural Miqra'ey are invitations
to be called out and meet with God
and there are seven of them the first
three enable the benefits of the covenant
and the the second of the those three
is actually the most important and it's
not even recognized in Judaism or in
Christianity it's the
The Miqra of Matsah.
People think that Passover is a seven-day
celebration.
It's not.
It's the first day of Chag Matsah.
Matsah is the key day.
It's when our guilt was removed and
carried into Sheowl by Dowd.
That's another insight that no one had
been able to do previously.
The most important insight.
discovery, I think,
in human history pursuant to life,
why we exist and how we can continue
to live forever.
is the fact that it's Dowd/David,
who is the chosen one, the Messiah,
the son of God, who fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah and Bikuwrym
becoming our savior in thirty three C.E.
year four thousand Yah
And then to prove that and to show
all of the prophecies and all of the
the statements that declare it is, again,
something that doesn't exist anyplace else
and has never previously been been shown.
Wookie is very excited about that
material.
You can see he's out looking for the
next insight.
So Wookie is quite happy about all of
this.
But there are literally ten thousand of
these and the twenty five thousand pages
of Yada Yahowah.
And again, they're all free to you.
But at this point,
if you were to dedicate three hours a
night every night,
It would take you a full year to
read through this,
and even that probably wouldn't be enough.
I would recommend reading through it two
and three times.
So there's a lot to learn,
and there's no place ever that this kind
of information has been available.
I've written more.
about insights that can be derived from
God than all of the other prophets
combined,
and validate everything so that you're
never reliant on me saying that this is
because I say so.
Everything that I have deduced,
I prove based upon an accurate rendering
of what God has previously revealed as
true.
So it's an extraordinary opportunity for
you.
I hope you avail yourself of it.
As we begin this program,
we're turning to volume two of our series
called Coming Home.
The Coming Home series is primarily
devoted to calling Yahuwdym.
Jews have called themselves by an errant
name.
There is no reference to a Jew anywhere
in the Towrah, Prophets, and Psalms.
They are Yahuwd, Yahuwd and
and the plural, Yahuwdym.
It is a compound of Yahowah's name, Yahu,
and God's name, who is God's beloved,
the Son of God, the Messiah, our Savior.
And so to be the beloved of God,
you are a Yahuwd.
And it calls Yahuwd and Yisrael.
Yisrael means to engage and endure with
God.
Individuals who engage and endure with God
is ysh sarah el.
It is calling God's people home.
Now,
you can become Yisrael by embracing what
it means to be Yisrael,
to engage and endure with God.
And so the whole series,
and there's three books currently as part
of that series, I've written most of.
of the fourth and hope within the next
month that I can get it published.
I'm very systematic though in the research
that I'm doing.
For example,
I'm representing the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
which is the most important book in the
Towrah,
Prophets and Psalms by a considerable
margin.
And I'm presenting it now that I know
who Eythan ha Ezrachy is and what
the occasion was for the deliverance of
this song.
And so when it delves into something like
rocks that are rolling in the raging sea
and they're being used to batter and
bruise Rahab as a deadly and belligerent
fool that is...
egotistical and violent that this
individual is brought down ultimately by
Yahowah's fortified Zarowa.
And so I'm now taking the time to
say, based on this context, the Zarowa,
who can be only one of three people,
is this individual.
Rahab is this individual based upon this
context and I'll go through the
the other prophetic references to it so
that you know what the evidence is to
define rahab as this individual at this
time being brought down by Yahowah's Zarowa
who is this person um and designated as
such it really is a a marvelous um
addition very systematic um diligent uh
and um uh a um
powerful way for you to come to have
prophecy come alive in your life.
So this is what we are doing currently,
and we'll have that book published for you
very soon.
All that said,
I'm going to begin on Coming Home Three.
Again,
it is a series that is devoted to
calling Yisrael and Yahuwd home.
It features Dowd's Mizmowr.
A Mizmowr is a Psalm.
It is a song with lyrics set to
a melody,
most of what Dowd wrote and well over
a hundred of these.
are songs to be sung,
and they are Yahowah's favorite songs to be
sung.
They're all inspired by Yahowah,
and they are powerful in their
implications,
and these volumes feature Dowd's songs and
then other prophetic texts that are
pursuant to our understanding of his
songs.
So this volume begins that Yahowah's
animosity
toward the Gentiles who have fraudulently
claimed to have inherited the blessings
that he gave to Yisrael.
which of course would be both Christianity
and Islam.
They're based on replacement foolology,
where they claim that their church
inherited or that Muslims inherited all of
the promises that God gave to the Jews.
Their rationale in this is that God got
mad at the Jews for one reason or
another.
In the case of Christianity,
it's because they killed their God.
which, of course, is problematic because,
A, God's not a man, B,
men cannot kill God, and C,
it was the Romans that killed the mythical
Jesus, not Jews.
Jews don't crucify.
They had no authority to do so.
It was the Romans who did so.
So there's no credibility to anything the
Christians say.
And, of course,
the Quran is a ridiculous book in the
history of books.
It turns on Jews and condemns them
because, well,
Muhammad ran out of material when he moved
to Yathrib,
which was a Jewish farming community.
And he bought Talmud readings from the
rabbis.
They...
uh Babylonian talmud had just been
completed around five hundred C.E. this was
uh in the seventh century muhammad buying
these from the rabbis he then attributed
them to allah twisted them to suit his
situation uh but then didn't pay his bills
and then the rabbi started to mock him
when he claimed that that
Allah had revealed what they had read to
him from their Talmud.
And so as a psychopath,
Muhammad responded by deciding that he
would kill the Jews and perpetrate.
He did.
He perpetrated genocide against them in
Arabia.
And so that's the reason that the Quran
hates Jews.
The rabbis made a horrendous decision in
providing this material to Muhammad that
made the Quran appear like a religious
text where otherwise
He would have been someone that the world
would have paid no attention to,
just the run-of-the-mill thug that was
using terror and armed robbery to enrich
his followers.
He would have been far less well-known
than Genghis Khan,
who had a similar tactic,
but Genghis Khan was a thousand times more
successful than Muhammad.
It's just that Muhammad had Talmud
readings that he twisted to make his Quran
appear religious,
and therefore he's fooled more people
religiously than the territory that
Genghis Khan and Kublai Khan were able to
conquer.
But that's the reason why those texts hate
Jews.
So as we continue with this,
God is exceedingly frustrated with all of
those religions like Islam and
Christianity that pretend that God got mad
at the Jews and gave the promises that
he made to them,
to either their church or to Muslims.
When there is absolutely no evidence for
it at all in the Towrah prophecies, zero.
And all evidence is to the contrary
because every prophecy has God restoring
his relationship with Israel,
returning to Israel.
The final remnant are all Israelis and
Yahuwdym.
And even when he has his homecoming,
it is to Israel.
He's coming back to the Temple Mount and
It is Gowym who are obliterated for being
religious and political.
There will be a remnant,
a mortal remnant of Gowym that will
survive,
but they will be few and far between
most because they were belligerent towards
Israel, stole Israel's promises.
They're going to be obliterated when God
removes all traces of religion and
politics from the earth so he can restore
the whole planet to the conditions that
were found
originally in Eden,
and that will occur on Taruwah for the
benefit of Sukah in year six thousand
YAH, twenty thirty three.
So God is exceedingly frustrated with what
Christians and Muslims have done in this
regard.
And he's disappointed that Jews haven't
stood up for him.
They haven't said that those texts are
fraudulent for this reason.
And when God even says,
I'm gonna restore and renew the covenant
in Yirmayah,
it specifically says with Yisrael and with
Yahuwdah, not with Gowym.
And he even says that I'm going to
restore it.
And what I'm gonna do this time that
is different is rather than handing you a
copy of the Towrah,
which you can reject or accept,
I'm actually going to integrate
my Towrah inside of you so it becomes
part of the fabric of your life pretty
hard to justify a talmud or a new
testament or quran when God is returning
by installing his Towrah inside of all of
those who survive
So God has a bone to pick with
rabbis, with Christians,
and with Muslims that's going to end very
poorly for the religious.
And the fact is that he gave Yisrael
to his people,
and he is going to speak of those
blessings and of their inheritance in this
next Mizmowr.
um and God is making a point one
that is relevant to us today so we
should listen to him additionally he has a
great deal more to say about the
villainous creature identified in the
lyrics of the preceding song that we
reviewed uh just earlier uh today and I
wish we'd gotten a little earlier start
it's already gone dark so
you had just a glimpse of the uh
the long rays of the sun and the
setting sun here on the virgin islands the
rest of the program unfortunately is going
to be in the darkness you can probably
still see the palms uh uh waving in
the uh well it's a pretty light breeze
now not even moving much behind me but
as I said we had a long conversation
with my good friend and programmer and
webmaster who's trying to develop all
these things as tools for everyone to use
Going forward.
So it was important to get that done.
So this next Psalm begins with Dowd asking
Yahowah why he has distanced himself from
his people and for how long he intends
to remain aloof.
If you are not aware of this,
God proclaimed many times that he was no
longer in direct contact with Israel.
When Israel says, you know,
we don't need other kinds of missile
defense systems.
We have God on our side.
No, you don't.
You did, but you walked away from him.
When God spoke directly to you,
you want to look this up because it's
listed two places on the Towrah.
You told God to shut up and go
away.
You never wanted to see him or hear
from him again.
And he obliged.
He says, okay, that'll work out fine.
You were being belligerent.
He didn't want any part of you anyway,
but you know, he said, all right,
what I'm going to do is I'm going
to pick men and I'm going to communicate
through those men.
And he has done so ever since.
In the book of Howsha,
he actually tells you that you have been
so religious and he hates religion.
So God hates Judaism, Christianity,
and Islam.
That's quite an insight for those of you
who are keeping track of novel unheralded
insights,
but God
He hates religion.
He disliked politics and he hates
religion.
And he said, because you are religious,
I'm divorcing you.
He offered a divorce decree through the
prophet Howsha and was very clear.
He says,
I am not returning to you until you
return to me.
And at this point,
it's not even one one hundredth of one
percent of the Yahuwdym and the Israelites
of the world that have Shuwb returned to
Yahowah.
And so until there is a meaningful return
of Yahowah,
of Israelites and Yahuwd,
even of Jews admitting that they aren't
Jews, that they are Yahuwd,
that it means beloved of Yah,
until they do so,
God's going to remain aloof.
And that's why the question is being
asked.
Dowd's a prophet.
He is seen into the future.
The answer to the first question is quite
simple,
and thus Dowd wrote it for our benefit.
God is setting an example that we must
follow.
if we want to enter his home.
He has separated himself from his people
because they have become political and
especially religious.
They have emulated the ways of the gowym.
There is nothing wrong with different
ethnicities.
God does not make any decision based
strictly on genetics or skin pigmentation.
The problem of the gowym that is repeated
throughout the Towrah and prophets
is that the gowym had a propensity to
be overtly religious and political and to
integrate religion and politics.
And God says,
I don't want you doing that.
And what happened?
Well,
the Israelites became the most gowym of
all people in the sense that there is
no ethnicity on the planet that is more
political or religious.
In fact,
it's so bad that if you speak of
being Jewish,
the first thing most people will think is
you practice Judaism.
Judaism is a religion of being Jewish as
an ethnicity.
And yet they're so blended together
because of their propensity of Jews to be
Religious.
And if you think of political action and
of politics being heralded by one group in
particular,
the group most known for their high
percentage of political activity are Jews.
And so the Jews did exactly what God
said don't do.
They became more gowym than the gowym.
And that's what God says.
I don't want you to do,
but they haven't listened.
They haven't listened in a very,
very long time.
So when I criticize them,
I'm criticizing them using the same
process that God does.
I'm just telling you what God had to
say.
And, you know, if you don't like it,
take it up with him.
He, you know,
He laid it right on the line.
He says,
if you listen to me and take advantage
of what I'm offering,
life's going to be great for you.
If you choose to ignore it and you
choose to be religious and political and
rebel against me, well,
that is not going to work out very
well for you.
You really ought not do that sort of
thing.
And, well, that's what they did.
So it would be hypocritical now for Yahowah
to ask us to disassociate from these
institutions and then adhere himself to
those embracing them.
But clearly he does not.
So when his people cease being political
and religious and answer his call to
return home, he will come back for them.
That day is on Yowm Kipurym,
the preceding time,
ten days before it gets a remnant of
Yisrael ready for that.
Taruwah, in year six thousand Yah
twenty thirty three.
That's another issue that Jews have.
They believe the Rambam's accounting and
he was an absolute nincompoop in this
regard.
He had creation almost four thousand years
ago when creation was fourteen billion
years ago.
He didn't know that the timeline begins
with the expulsion from Eden.
And he got that time wrong because he
had a fascination with the number nineteen
and the sanctification of the moon and got
it all wrong.
And he is wrong by one hundred and
ninety seven years.
So anybody that is
Playing around with the Jewish calendar is
wrong by one hundred ninety seven years.
We are now just seven years from the
end year six thousand
Yah.
So we're in year five nine nine three
approaching year six thousand.
Yah.
And that is why we need to be
prepared for the Shabuw'ah harvest,
which occurs seven years before God's
return.
And he is returning on the day of
reconciliations.
Perfect name.
Right.
Yom Kipurym, plural for to reconcile.
It begins,
For what reason is your presence so far
away, distanced and separated, Yahowah?
Concealed in times of drought and
destitution,
of being cut off and restrained.
This is Mizmowr, lyrics to be sung,
Psalm 10:1.
We ended our program earlier today in the
ninth Mizmowr.
This is the next one, Psalm ten.
Now we don't know that these were written
in this order or what time during Dowd's
life that he actually wrote these.
I think most were actually written now
towards the very end of his life after
he returned
to God and that might be hinted at
here because there was a period for at
least fourteen years um well from the time
that Dowd was fifty six to the time
he was probably sixty uh five uh Yahowah
and Dowd were not speaking uh God who
would not be seen talking directly to Dowd
or in his presence and
The reason for that timeout is that Dowd
made some really,
really bad decisions about various things.
I'm trying to get my dog to stop
biting her nails.
He made some really bad decisions about
things and that God got miffed at him
and said, you know, while this happens,
condition exists our line of communication
is going to be curtailed and so he
could be asking about this it it became
particularly bad uh during the uh Bathsheba
episode but God was talking to Down
through Nathan the prophet even before
that as we find in Second Samuel six
and seven uh and the Bathsheba episode is
chronicled and
Second Samuel, eleven and twelve.
So there is a period of time where
God did remove his presence.
He didn't remove his spirit,
but he certainly wasn't talking to Dowd in
first person.
He could be asking about that.
It's more likely that Dowd as a prophet
is looking forward in time,
knowing that he is going to fulfill
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
and know that while he does,
that there won't be a single Yahuwd that
takes advantage of what he has done for
a very long time.
and that it won't be until God inspires
a gowym to a gowy to properly understand
what he has said,
draw your attention back to Dowd,
re-establish Yahowah's name,
re-establish the importance of the Mow'ed
Miqra'ey, explain when they were fulfilled,
by whom, what the benefit is,
how to observe them,
that this would be rectified.
And it's finally being rectified.
in your hearing now and will be even
more so as we return as one of
the two witnesses on Passover in twenty
thirty.
So for what reason is your presence so
far away and distance and separated
concealed in times of drought and
destitution of being cut off and
restrained?
It's a question that you should be asking,
but they don't because the rabbis have
stepped in to speak for God and created
this
horrible religion that is really
separating Jews from Yahowah.
They won't even say Yahowah's name.
They've erased it.
They superimpose their Talmud on top of
the Towrah and prefer the Talmud to the
Towrah.
And so it's a terrible situation that
Jews have found themselves in.
That's ten one.
So God intervenes.
The fact is he does in human affairs
when it's required to honor his covenant
promises and to liberate his and defend
his people or fulfill the Miqra'ey.
But otherwise,
he is only seen by those who observe
the written witness of the Towrah and
prophets.
We have learned recently that God did have
a way of keeping his people
and his plan on track without having to
intervene in a way that precluded uh free
will by him making a show of himself
and uh that began with uh a man
named Enoch it's uh Chanowk is the actual
name his name describes why he was chosen
and what God does with him but there
are a number of souls that uh God
found that he could relate to that he
could trust he could rely upon
that he enjoyed working with,
that had attributes and attitudes that he
found appealing.
And he has interjected those individuals
throughout time when it was necessary to
resolve a problem.
Like when Dowd went AWOL,
he really lost it.
And God wasn't talking directly to him.
He is not going to intervene in that
kind of a circumstance.
But he did provide a remedy because, well,
the fulfillment of the Mow'ed,
all fell on Dowd doing it.
The world would come to a crashing halt.
There would be no salvation for anyone.
Our planet would be destroyed by humans
had Dowd not changed and restored his
relationship with Yahowah.
And Yahowah did that by intervening with a
man of his choosing who helped Dowd
discover who he was, what his calling was,
and brought him back to his senses.
So this is how Yahowah operates.
And while Yahowah is highly communicative
when working with the covenant's children,
especially through his testimony,
but also when there's something that he
wants done,
he will say it in no unequivocal terms.
When we're about his business,
he is available.
And to everyone else, he remains unseen.
But he still proves his existence through
prophecy and the accuracy of his testimony
scientifically, historically,
consistently.
and the way the whole story holds
together.
He is an exceedingly effective
communicator that in the Towrah, Prophets,
and Psalms, he proves that he is God,
that he exists,
and that he inspired these words.
And this is why during the Roman siege
of Jerusalem or centuries later during the
Holocaust,
neither the victims nor the perpetrators
had any clue as to who he was
because they weren't looking at the right
places.
They didn't have the right attitude.
You really have to have a mindset that
you're open to God's testimony.
You'll go where the words lead.
You'll scrub your mind of religious
malfeasance,
recognizing that God hates religion,
and will take him at his word.
And there was no one to do that
for a very long time.
And quite frankly,
there was no one for him to speak
with since he remains overtly opposed to
the political, religious, military,
and conspiratorial influences that are
prevalent within human society.
He had to find someone that had become
familiar with each of these things and
that had chosen to reject them,
as was the case with Moshe,
as was the case with Abraham.
So for most,
Yahowah is not readily known or easily
known.
The effort required to realize that God
has proven his existence,
as well as demonstrated his inspiration of
the words found in his Towrah,
his Nabi prophets and his Psalms,
like this Mizmowr than that.
We can trust him,
appreciate what he is offering and
uh what come to know what he expects
in return that effort is considerable I
mean I have spent um ten to fourteen
hours a day six and seven days a
week for twenty four and a half years
and am still learning I'm learning at a
much faster pace than I was at the
beginning because we have such a
foundation of knowledge and understanding
together but to know our purpose and place
in the universe takes a rational and open
mind and a diligent systematic approach to
Yahowah's testimony that's why I've made
these twenty five thousand pages of uh of
translations and analysis available to you
for free that's why I'm doing these
programs now to introduce you to that
material so that uh you can benefit from
all that I have learned and shared since
I've validate my claims prove every
conclusion that I make based upon Yahowah's
testimony you're in a position to know
exactly
where to look, and what God is offering,
what he expects in return from us.
Now,
considering the sorry state of religious
translation,
the moths you can see are attracted to
these lights,
and one of them saw a glimmer in
my eye and flew right into it.
So we'll try to go beyond that.
Another one flew right into my mouth as
I was breathing in.
So price that I pay for getting so
involved in trying to improve our glossary
and our translations with my dear friend
and technologist.
Well, anyway,
considering the state of religious
translations,
we have to be willing to either learn
Hebrew or embrace the tools that
facilitate our understanding of God's
language.
Or you can ride on my shoulders.
I have made...
you know,
twenty five thousand pages of translations
and analysis available to you.
And I've been doing this now,
as I say,
for twenty four and a half years,
and I'm still learning,
sharing what we have discovered to make it
I do it to make it easier for
you,
but I don't want to make it too
easy for you because God doesn't want
those who are looking for a quick and
easy answer into heaven.
If you're not willing to invest the time,
and I'm talking pretty fast,
I'm moving through a lot of material.
I'm sharing many things with you.
If you're not willing,
to validate these claims,
to investigate this for yourself,
to go to YadaYah.com, open the first book,
An Introduction to God,
and then go through the Yada Yahowah series,
the Observation series,
the Coming Home series,
to learn what I have discovered about the
false gods of Islam and in Christianity
and the Twistianity and the Goddamn
Religion series,
even the issues with Judaism and the Babel
series.
You're just not going to be prepared to
be part of the solution,
to come home and be part of God's
family, to be part of the covenant,
to live forever,
to be able to leave this planet with
your soul enveloped in radiant energy and
light,
as opposed to your soul dissipating into
nothingness.
So what most simply do not appreciate is
that coming to know Yahowah has to be
challenging.
It must be a filter to make eternity
enjoyable and rewarding for everyone,
including God,
to avoid allowing
heaven to be like earth.
And what a mess we are making of
the planet right now.
There must be tests.
There must be filters.
There must be a way for God to
know, are you observant?
Are you closely examining and carefully
considering his testimony?
Because if you're not,
then you're not welcome.
Are you a respondent?
Are you willing to engage based upon what
he has said and act upon his instructions?
Are you willing to be reliable such that
he can trust,
so that if you make a mistake,
you'll learn from it.
If you fall,
you get back up wiser and better for
the experience.
This is what he is looking for.
And he has given us everything we need
to be able to do this.
And I have done as much as I
can to spoon feed it all to you
in the Yada Yahowah series,
which is why it's there.
So those without a passion for learning
and exploring,
those without an honest commitment to the
truth and to reason,
would feign their acceptance of a few
simple steps and contaminate the covenant
and eternity with their apathy or their
unfounded opinions into perpetuity if it
was too easy.
So it's not,
and we won't make it such.
So the Towrah is both the path and
the door,
one that can swing open or close.
And you need to have an appreciation that
since there aren't going to be a lot
of people that are going to make the
Shabuwah harvest,
who are going to be mature and standing
grain.
And there will be very few people that
will be part of the Taruwah gleaning.
We don't know the number that God's going
to bring in for the Taruwah sacrifice of
the Adamah Parah that he's going to purge
of modest religiosity and politics so that
they can be prepared for entry into the
garden on Sukah and welcome Yahowah and
Doe to the Messiah back on Kipurym between
the twenty-fourth of September,
twenty-thirty-three and the seventh of
October on that year.
But what we do know for certain is
that the opportunity that follows will be
a thousand years long.
So it gives people a thousand years to
get it right,
to show that they can be observant,
that they can be thoughtful,
that they can be responsive and they can
be responsible.
Again, God's not looking for perfect.
That's stupid.
There'd be no interest,
no purpose in that.
What he's looking for is observant and
thoughtful, responsive and responsible.
Four things we can do,
but so few people do them.
And again,
that's the purpose of this program and of
these books.
So all those who come to God through
his words will have been vetted along the
way.
And Yahowah wants to only harvest standing
grain come Shabuwah.
And it will be through this due diligence
that we find that we can know God.
And truly the process of learning and
growing is a reward in and of itself.
It is the most fun we can have.
I've been campaigning now,
with my team here that, boy,
would I ever love to go back to
a pace where we're only doing one of
these shows a day,
maybe four or five days a week at
the most.
And I'm able to continue to learn,
to translate, to make the connections.
And I love sharing
What we're learning as we're learning it,
it's just so much more exciting,
so much fresher,
so much more invigorating and pertinent
when we do that.
I'd love more time to do that sort
of thing every day.
And so we'll see how it how it
plays out and how much time we actually
have.
Now the phrase here "mah amad ba rachowq"
why do you stand away, separated,
continuing to present yourself as so
distant and remote for such a long
interval time, provides, I think,
an interesting insight to the period in
question.
Apart from supporting his son while
fulfilling Pesach Matsah Bikuwrym in year,
33 CE, 4,000 Yah
it would be 2,000 years later
that he and the author of this song,
Yahowah and Dowd,
would find their identity more
conspicuously disclosed,
which is why I was called to do
what I'm doing for you,
reintroducing Dowd to you,
reintroducing Yahowah by name to you,
explaining exactly what they did when
they're returning and what they're
offering.
And when I considered the words Yah
inspired in this next statement,
it took me back to a time when
I was not part of the covenant,
but I went through the museums throughout
Europe, in both East and Western Europe,
behind the Iron Curtain and what was
considered the West.
And as I did so,
I saw things that opened my eyes.
And as I pursued this exposure that travel
brings,
and I've been in a hundred and
seventy-five countries,
many were dedicated to displaying the
torture devices that were deployed by the
Roman Catholic Church,
and in particular to anguish Jews.
And of course,
anyone else they didn't like.
And so after reading what comes next,
I realized that those who invented and
deployed these heinous devices to torture
God's people will be forced to suffer
their effects.
Now you can call it divine retribution.
I would call it justice.
The more I learn about what they did
under the name of their God forsaken
religion of
Christianity or Islam,
the more I want the political and
religious Christians and Muslims who
authorized and encouraged the use of these
torturous devices to suffer well beyond
what they did to their victims.
I mean,
think of the first hundred years of Islam,
two hundred million people killed,
millions upon millions raped, tortured,
enslaved.
The people who perpetrated those crimes
should face retribution.
Those who were abused by them,
the victims of the Holocaust,
of the Inquisition, of the pogroms,
and the victims of Islamic terrorism.
They deserve closure.
Their souls deserve closure.
They were screaming when they were bound
and then tortured that those who were
torturing them deserved to get the same.
And God's going to provide that for them.
So this sounds like the father of lies
that is launching his assault against
Jews.
And it reads; With arrogance, "ga'owah",
with unwarranted status,
the immoral and self-proclaimed prideful
and presumptuously haughtiness,
the dishonesty,
the condemnable and the guilty, the "rasha",
those who are wrong, vexing and unethical,
with inflamed passions and burning
animosity, persecute and harass.
They "dalaq".
They hotly and they impulsively pursue and
oppress.
The outspoken and the unpretentious,
without political or religious status,
"any", those with a lower status in society.
But it's also, with "any", it is the...
responsive those who respond to God
they're the ones that were got persecuted
so let him be seized let him that
perpetrated this be forced to endure uh
"taphas" let him be caught in the act
for having perpetrated these malicious
schemes and then arrested and then suffer
for what they have done and the nifl
imperfect
The evil devices, the "mazimah",
within the wicked invention,
these implements of their design,
which were part of their heinous plans,
that they have imagined and that they have
conceived "zuw chashab"
which they have invented and judged
appropriate, even desired and esteemed.
If you were unaware of this, this,
by the way, is Mizmowr
lyrics to Psalm 10:2 to then
Google the torture devices of the Roman
Catholic Church or the torture devices of
of Islam during its first hundred years.
They are gruesome.
They are heinous.
And so in this statement,
What we're finding is God says there will
be retribution.
There will be consequence.
There'll be fairness.
There'll be justice.
So Hebrew stems and conjugations are a
story in themselves,
as is the case with Taphas,
written in the Nifl Imperfect.
It reveals that those who imposed these
schemes and deployed the resulting devices
will endure their effects for a
considerable period of time.
Therefore,
it is God's conclusion that it is
appropriate for perpetrators to endure the
pain they imposed on his people.
God will not forgive them, nor should he.
When they are held accountable,
I don't think that the church officials
will enjoy the nauseating effects of the
Pope's pear,
the excruciating pain of Jacob's seat,
the debilitating agony of their iron
spider,
the torturous effects of the scold's
bridle,
the horrific suffering of their heretic's
fork,
the anguishing misery of their lead
sprinkler,
the torment inflicted by their knee
splitter, their infamous rack,
the monstrous iron maiden,
the scavenger's daughter, or the strapado,
the inquisition's Spanish donkey,
the head crusher, and the saw torture.
The overwhelming agony of being drawn and
quartered,
being slowly burned at the stake,
being boiled alive,
enduring the repugnant torment of death by
rats,
or having to endure their breaking wheel.
Look them up if you want to see
why Christians must endure what they have
conceived and perpetrated.
To forgive and forget would be a
miscarriage of justice.
So keep in mind that these torturous
inventions were not used to encourage
religious devotion,
but instead to impose the authority of the
church and to suppress rebellion.
They were implemented to control through
fear.
And make no mistake,
they were commonly used on Jews for no
other reason than they were Jews.
the end it all comes down to who
you choose to trust. On one hand you
have the likes of Moshe, Shamuw'el, Dowd, Yasha'yah, Yirmayah
all of whom spoke for Yahowah and as prophets each
proved that their witness was valid their
revelations were meticulously made and our
extent for our inspection and the Dead Sea
Scrolls dating to
know, three hundred BCE.
They're revealed in the same story and
were found universally consistent.
Foremost among them were Moshe,
who liberated God's people and gave us the
Towrah, and Dowd,
who united and protected Yisrael,
brought us the Mizmowr and the Mashal,
and then served as the Passover lamb.
Moshe was called the greatest of the
prophets,
while Dowd was the firstborn son of God,
the branch from which we would grow,
the chosen one, the set-apart one,
the Messiah, the king of kings,
the embodiment of the covenant,
God's strong arm, the protective shepherd,
the sacrificial lamb.
On the other hand,
you have Sha'uwl who would adopt the Roman
moniker Paulus.
He was given the name, Question Him.
He would write about himself on behalf of
the Romans and the Greeks against Yahuwdah
and Yisrael.
He never once mentions Yahowah's name.
He only provides one prophecy to validate
his opinions,
and he managed to get that one wrong.
It was about his rapture.
saying it would occur during his lifetime.
Likewise,
he claimed to speak for Jesus Christ,
and yet on the lone equation,
he attempted to quote something attributed
to his mythological misnomer.
He got it wrong.
He doesn't have a single accurate quote.
from the character known as Gospel Jesus.
Everything he wrote was an opposition to
the story provided by the prophets.
Even his own accounts were riddled with
contradictions.
When he attempted to quote God for the
purpose of validating his claims,
he always misquoted him and never once
attributed a quote to Yahowah's name.
and lest we forget God referred to Sha'uwl
specifically as the Plague of Death the
Father of Lies and the Son of Evil
now filling out this opposing hand you
have Luke who wrote Acts as if Paul's
propagandist. Peter who was the first to
rob Dowd to create the mythos of Jesus
Mark who was a group he used by
both of them and Matthew the ultimate
plagiarizer none of whom were even
remotely credible it seems that rather
It should be an easy choice,
and yet in a referendum of man over
God,
by a ratio of a million to one,
the pinnacle of Yah's creation has chosen
the likes of Paul, Luke, Muhammad, Akiba,
and Marx over Moshe, Shamuw’el, Dowd,
Yashayah, and Yirmiyah.
There is no excuse for any of this.
And I'm going to leave it at this
point.
I'm sorry that I got a late start
for you.
We'll be a little more timely tomorrow in
our presentation,
and we'll continue to share the Tenth
Mizmowr of Dowd, the beloved son of God.
Thank you for listening, and good night.